# Welcome to my (work in progress) blog

This is intended to be the main landing page of the blog. It is a rather simplistic placeholder for now, used only to record potential future work.

So why do all this construction work instead of just using something like github webpages or wordpress?

1. I went to all the trouble to setup a RaspberryPi webserver and I'm going to use it, dammit
2. I wanted to play ~~god~~ server admin
3. I wanted to learn how the basics of the webstack work (nginx, node.js, html, etc.)
4. I like lightweight frameworks. I can understand the internal workings better, I feel more in control, I dislike bloat and extra fancy features I don't want to bother learning. What could be more lightweight than buidling a bug-ridden blog infrastructure from the ground up?


# Why blog

Stay tuned for [blog_posts[1]](blog/1234_56_78_test_title.md)

# HOWTO

Get a Rasbperry Pi spun up with this same code [here!](https://github.com/yizow/WebPi/blob/master/www/notes.md)

# ToDo:

0. Add an actual index to this page

1. Add contact information
    * It'd be cool to setup an email server maybe? Even if all it does is provide an alternate email address for me, that I just forward and filter in my main gmail anyways...

2. Add a comment / forum thing
    * This might start straining computational resources of a RaspberryPi. I have no idea of scale, I've never worked in this domain before
    * Hello, SQL injection attacks!

3. Add a 'whoami'/`whois` section

4. Add analytics

5. Add a linter
