# Iteration 1

## Cooking Tweaks

Due to ingredients on hand, ratios tweaked:
slightly less beef
slightly more onion
Extremely eyeballed carrots/celery (1/3 of the package I had)
I overslept and it cooked for like 14 hours on low...

## Takeaways

Holy shit the beef is tough and tasteless and nasty.
Everything else is pretty great though.
The broth barely covered anything; the chunks that were in the broth seemed to taste better?

Double amount of broth next time. Might be conflated with the fact that it just cooked for too long.
Extremeley not stew-y. Barely any liquid.
Internet clues suggest just adding more water; then adding thickener at end.

# Iteration 2

## Cooking Tweaks

Based off a different recipe.
Flour gets everywhere including laptop whoops.
Stopped measuring rosemary/thyme, just put enough to coat everything.
Final step after slow cooking: 3 teaspoons of cornstarch mixed with about 5 teaspoons of water, for 3 cups of broth.

## Takeaways

Beef tenderness is okay.
Beef still has absolutely no flavor and is dry as hell.
Very slightly over salty. Can probably use 2 cups broth and 1 cup water.
The overall flavor profile (by the spoonful) is quite nice, I swear its not stockholm syndrome. Basically, I need to figure out a way to get the flavor into the beef.

Ideas:
1. Use bigger chunks of meat and properly sear all sides to keep moisture in.
2. Add an acid, i.e. can of tomato sauce to the mixture.
3. Shorter cooking time, maybe 8 hours.
4. Marinate meat beforehand
5. Use a different / fattier cut of meat

# Iteration 3

## Cooking Tweaks

Started with marinating beef with half a minced garlic, half a bottle of red wine. Will sit in fridge for maybe 5 hours.
Used a stove instead for 2.5 hours.

## Takeaways

Oh my goodness this tastes amazing now. The beef is so much more tender than before and actually flavorful.
Slightly tough, can probably be 2 hours instead of 2.5
