# Why Blog

The core of this list was originally written over a year ago, when I first started wanting a blog. As I read over it again now and edit it into into a more audience friendly version, I find myslef agreeing with most all of it still. I must've been onto something, then, for my thoughts to have lasted the test of time. Good job, past-me!

(Although, one could argue that my static thinking means I haven't improved at all in any way...)

***

* Writing clearly first requires thinking clearly. By training myself how to write better, I am also training myself how to think better.
    * There's a quote:
        > If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it fully
    * I'd like to both explain and understand myself.
* Just being good at writing is also valuable, in and of itself. Being able to say less with more.
    * Would come in handy in improv, DnD, story telling, angry emails, sad emails, happy emails, etc.
* [A sense of pride and accomplishment](https://old.reddit.com/r/StarWarsBattlefront/comments/7cff0b/seriously_i_paid_80_to_have_vader_locked/dppum98/)
    * (Most downvoted comment in the history of reddit)
* My blog is a safe space to discover my own flavor of humor
* It'd be interesting to see how my thoughts change / stay the same over time
* I find myself having the same conversations with different people
    * This doesnt seem too weird. I like talking about what I currently care about / am thinking about
    * What I care about doesn't change even if my conversation partner does
    * This is a nice place to "rough draft" or "template" conversations.
* I think my thoughts are interesting.
    * Maybe other people will too.
* This is almost a diary; so why make it public?
    * why not? There shouldn't be any personally identifying information about other people. I'm going to borrow a technique from a friend and reference others by the first letter of their name.
        * With this domain name... Clearly I don't care about staying anonymous
    * Feels real seeing this out there on the World Wide Web. Keeps me more motivated to keep going.
        * I want to keep going because I do ultimately think this is a useful / helpful thing to do.
